First pass at translation support (#59)
kasenvr/vircadia-docs-sphinx: README.md

# Overview of Vircadia's Documentation Tools

> For Vircadia's main documentation system, we use **Sphinx** to generate it, and a webserver to publish/host it. GitHub is a helpful middleman and stores all of the docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Vircadia's main documentation system, we use **Sphinx** to generate it, and a web server to publish/host it. GitHub is a helpful middleman and stores all of the docs.
```
